Add Microsoft Azure Data Lake Connector (#1566)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/msazuredatalakestorage-connector/microsoft-azure-data-lake-storage-connector-reference.md

# Microsoft Azure Data Lake Storage Connector Reference

The following operations allow you to work with the Microsoft Azure Data Lake Storage Connector. Click an operation name to see parameter details and samples on how to use it.

---

## Initialize the connector

To use the Microsoft Azure Data Lake Storage connector, you need to initialize the configuration before carrying out any other Microsoft Azure Data Lake Storage operations.

To use the Microsoft Azure Storage connector, add the element in your configuration before carrying out any Azure Data Lake Storage operations. This Microsoft Azure Data Lake Storage configuration authenticates with Microsoft Azure Data Lake Storage by Access Key, Azure Active Directory(Oauth2), or Shared Access Signature(SAS) which are used for every operation.

> > **Note**: To work with the Microsoft Azure Data Lake Storage connector, you need to have a Microsoft Azure account. If you do not have a Microsoft Azure account, go to [https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/free/](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/free/) and create a Microsoft Azure account.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we direct to the setup page?

Author: Yeah, I changed it

        <overwriteBody>true</overwriteBody>
        <flush>true</flush>
        <leaseId></leaseId>
        <leaseAction>None</leaseAction>
        <leaseDuration></leaseDuration>
        <proposedLeaseId></proposedLeaseId>
    </msazuredatalakestorage.appendFile>
    ```
    
    **Sample request**

    ```json
    {
        "fileSystemName": "sales",
        "filePathToAppend": "section1/marketing/sample.json",
        "localFilePath": "/path/to/local/file.txt",
    }
    ```

??? note "getMetadata"
    The getMetadata operation retrives metadata of a file. See the [related API documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/java/api/overview/azure/storage-file-datalake-readme?view=azure-java-stable) for more information.
    <table>
        <tr>
            <th>Parameter Name</th>
            <th>Description</th>
            <th>Required</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>fileSystemName</td>
            <td>The name of the file system.</td>
            <td>Yes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>filePath</td>
            <td>The path of the file.</td>
            <td>Yes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>responseVariable</td>

>             <td>Response variable name</td>

Reviewer 2: Please check and update other places as well.

            <td>Yes</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>overwriteBody</td>

>             <td>Replace the Message Body in Message Context with the response of the operation.</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            <td>Replace the Message Body in Message Context with the output of the operation (This will remove the payload from the above variable).</td>
```

    }
    ``` 

## Error codes related to Microsoft Azure Data Lake Storage Connector

| Error code | Error message |
| -------- | ------- |
| 710001 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:CONNECTION_ERROR |
| 710002 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:INVALID_CONFIGURATION |
| 710003 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:MISSING_PARAMETERS |
| 710004 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:AUTHENTICATION_ERROR |
| 710005 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:FILE_ALREADY_EXISTS_ERROR |
| 710006 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:FILE_IO_ERROR |
| 710007 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:DATA_LAKE_STORAGE_GEN2_ERROR |
| 710008 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:FILE_PERMISSION_ERROR |
| 710009 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:GENERAL_ERROR |
| 710010 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:FILE_SYSTEM_DOES_NOT_EXIST |
| 710011 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:INVALID_JSON |
| 710012 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:TIMEOUT_ERROR |
| 710013 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:DIRECTORY_NOT_FOUND_ERROR |
| 710014 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:FILE_DOES_NOT_EXIST |
| 710015 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:No_SUCH_ALGORITHM |
| 710016 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:IO_EXCEPTION |
| 700717 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:DIRECTORY_ALREADY_EXISTS_ERROR |
| 710018 | MS_AZURE_DATALAKE_GEN2:INVALID_MAX_RETRY_REQUESTS |

> In addition to the above `ERROR_DETAIL` property will contain detail information about the error. For more information refer [Using Fault Sequences]({{base_path}}/learn/examples/sequence-examples/using-fault-sequences/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the above `ERROR_DETAIL` property will contain detail information about the error. For more information, refer to [Using Fault Sequences]({{base_path}}/learn/examples/sequence-examples/using-fault-sequences/).
```

        <newDirectoryName>{${payload.newDirectoryName}}</newDirectoryName>
        <responseVariable>msazuredatalakestorage_renamePath_1</responseVariable>
        <overwriteBody>true</overwriteBody>
        <timeout></timeout>
        <newFileSystemName>{${payload.newFileSystemName}}</newFileSystemName>
        <sourceLeaseId></sourceLeaseId>
        <sourceIfUnmodifiedSince></sourceIfUnmodifiedSince>
        <sourceIfMatch></sourceIfMatch>
        <sourceIfModifiedSince></sourceIfModifiedSince>
        <sourceIfNoneMatch></sourceIfNoneMatch>
        <destinationLeaseId></destinationLeaseId>
        <destinationIfUnmodifiedSince></destinationIfUnmodifiedSince>
        <destinationIfMatch></destinationIfMatch>
        <destinationIfModifiedSince></destinationIfModifiedSince>
        <destinationIfNoneMatch></destinationIfNoneMatch>
    </msazuredatalakestorage.renamePath>
    ```

    **Sample request**

    ```json
    {
        "fileSystemName": "sales",
        "directoryName": "section1/marketing",
        "newDirectoryName": "section1/marketing_renamed",
        "newFileSystemName": "sales_renamed"
    }
    ``` 

> ## Error codes related to Microsoft Azure Storage Connector

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't this be Microsoft Azure Data Lake Storage Connector related error codes?
